Maybank Investment Strategy

May 2025

Market Recap

=

U.S. stocks witnessed a roller-coaster ride amid heightened tariff concerns but closed only marginally lower in April. MSCI Asia ex-Japan also held up despite the drag from China while Europe and Japan witnessed positive returns (in U.S. dollar terms) due mainly to the stronger EUR and JPY.

= The 10-year (10Y) U.S. Treasury (UST) yield traded in a wide range of 3.9-4.6% before closing flat at 4.2%. Meanwhile, credit returns were resilient though High Yield (HY) credit spreads were volatile.

= Gold continued to outperform and hit a record high of USD 3,500/ounce before retreating below USD 3,300/ounce. However, oil fell on the back of weaker demand outlook.

Macro Outlook and Investment Strategy

* Overweight: +, Neutral : =, Underweight: - Source: Maybank Group Wealth Management (GWM)

Near-term sentiment may be supported by hopes of early trade war de-escalation. Central banks, including the U.S. Federal Reserve (Fed), may also ease further to limit recession risk. Nevertheless, there could be more twists and turns ahead that could drive higher market volatility.

="

Hence, while there are merits to stay invested, we would continue to do so in a diversified manner with a quality focus to enhance portfolio resilience. We also reiterate the need to exercise valuation discipline given the rising downside risk to growth.

"

i . . . . = Equities wise, we would avoid putting all eggs in one U.S. basket especially with U.S. stocks still relatively more expensive to other major peers. . . . Notably, we continue to see value in Asia ex-Japan with support from key markets including China and India. We also turn more sanguine on Europe relative to Japan given the former's more supportive monetary and fiscal stance.

« In fixed income, we continue to seek resilience income through UST and high quality bonds. In contrast, we remain cautious towards HY credits with the spreads still tight relative to history.

" We maintain our positive stance on Gold which could re-visit the recent high later this year. The precious metal continues to play a_ strategic diversification role to help investors navigate the ongoing macro and geopolitical uncertainties.

|

— —

Source: Bloomberg (BBG) | 30 April 2025

Maybank Investment Strategy

May 2025

Fixed Income Strategy

U.S. 1Q GDP fell at an annualised rate of 0.3%, largely due to a surge in imports ahead of President Donald Trump's “Liberation Day” tariff announcements. While we expect at least a partial roll- back of the announced tariffs, the probability of a U.S. stagflation has increased given the policy uncertainty. Nevertheless, Trump’s seemingly softer trade stance suggests he does have a pain threshold, which will help limit the risk of a recession. The Trump administration may also start to discuss more pro-growth measures including de-regulation and tax cuts in 2H25.

The Fed will likely keep rates unchanged in its May meeting. However, Fed Chair Jerome Powell may adopt a more dovish tone should weaker jobs data outweigh inflation concerns linked to the tariffs. We maintain our view for the Fed to cut 50 basis points (bps) by end-2025 but acknowledge the potential of more aggressive easing as priced in by the market. Other central banks in Europe, China as well as ASEAN may also ease to support growth though the Bank Japan may hike rates instead due to inflationary pressures.

of

While the heightened volatility in IOY UST yield has raised concerns, we believe it is premature to conclude that USTs have lost the status as a safe-haven asset. The gradual de-leveraging of related hedge fund positioning should also provide stability to the Treasury market. As such, we continue to view USTs as a resilient source of carry, alongside selected Investment Grade (IG) bonds as well as Sukuk. However, we remain less sanguine about HY credits with spreads remaining below the 5-year historical average levels despite the increased growth risks.

Our preferred bond segments in Developed Markets (DM) remain with Europe financials Tier Subordinated bonds, domestic systemically important Australia banks’ Additional Tier 1 (ATI) and Japan insurers’ Subordinated Tier 2 bonds. Nevertheless, opportunities are emerging in selected Europe banks’ ATls with the recent widening of spread. Notably, European banks’ credit metrics have improved, underpinned by their strong financial performance. Hence, there should sufficient buffer to mitigate the potential negatives of the higher trade tariffs.

2

be

Within Asia, we retain a defensive stance with a preference for IG over HY credits and a focus on sectors like utilities, telecommunications, and consumer staples for more resilient yield. We also favour selected Asia insurers with strong branding that could benefit from the structural demand for insurance products in the region. Meanwhile, Singapore REITs (S-REITs) will likely enjoy lower borrowing costs amid the prospect of further monetary easing. Notably, retail REITS would likely be less affected by the tariff uncertainty given the more stable domestic exposure.

Figure 1: Lower Fed rate to put a lid on 10Y UST yield with market pricing in 3-4 cuts this year

Figure 2: Emerging opportunities in selected quality AT issuers with recent spread widening

Source: Bloomberg | 30 April 2025

Source: Bloomberg | 30 April 2025

Maybank Investment Strategy

May 2025

Equity Strategy

" We maintain our neutral stance on U.S. President Trump’s 90-day pause on reciprocal tariffs offered a much needed relief to U.S. stocks, which have witnessed heightened volatility since “Liberation Day” on April 2"¢. Despite the emergence of a “Trump put”, trade negotiations may drag and weigh on both consumer and business confidence. Hence, we prefer to stick with defensive sectors such as consumer staples and communication services. Nevertheless, we do see opportunities in selected financial and industrial stocks which have demonstrated resilient growth amid the policy uncertainty.

= We upgrade Europe from underweight to neutral. No doubt, the macro landscape has become more tricky for the region. Nevertheless, the recent downgrades in Stoxx Europe 600 consensus earnings suggest the negatives may have been at least partly priced in. In addition, Germany’s proposed increase in infrastructure and defence spending should benefit related industrial stocks in the region. We also see potential opportunities in healthcare and communication services stocks.

=" We downgrade Japan from neutral to underweight with the market facing challenges from stronger yen especially for export-oriented sectors. The rising inflation may also restrict the Bank of Japan from staying accommodative despite the increasing growth risk. With lingering trade concerns, we favour domestic-focused stocks in railway ds well as real estate, owing not only their low exposure to tariffs and yen volatility but also on improvement in their fundamentals.

a

to

» We maintain our positive stance on Asia ex-Japan including China. Being at the forefront Trump's trade war, Chinese leaders are committed to support the economy with forceful policy measures to mitigate tariff shocks. Sectors wise, we would seek a balanced mix of growth and income investments in China. Notably, we see compelling opportunities in communication services as well as selected consumer discretionary plays, with the latter likely to benefit from further consumption stimulus. Additional policy measures to support the economy will also likely augur well for the financials as well as real estate sectors.

of

" India’s economic recovery is gaining momentum, which will lend support to the domestic market. Further progress in trade talks with the U.S. could also help lift sentiment. In contrast, the reciprocal tariffs have turned out worse-than- expected for ASEAN countries, which may have less leeway to negotiate. In view of this, we would prefer to focus on quality plays including selected S-REITs that may be less affected by the tariff developments.

Figure 3: U.S. stocks are still trading on more demanding valuation relative to major peers

Figure 4: Europe earnings growth expectations have recently been lowered

¢ Current =5Y Average

Stoxx Europe 600 forward earnings (EUR)

39.0

ex-Japan

Source: Bloomberg | 30 April 2025

Source: Bloomberg | 30 April 2025

Maybank Group Wealth Management Research

Disclaimer

This advertisement has not been reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore or by the relevant authorities in Malaysia, Hong Kong and Indonesia.

This report is for information purposes only and under no circumstances is it or any part of it to be considered or intended as nor constitutes or forms the basis of an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any of the securities, financial instruments or investment products referred to herein (each, a “Product”, and collectively, “Products”), or an offer or solicitation to any person to enter into any transaction or adopt any investment strategy or enter into any legal relations, or an invitation to subscribe to any Products or an advice or a recommendation with respect to such Products. To the extent that any transaction is subsequently entered into between a recipient and Maybank, such transaction shall be entered into upon such terms as may be agreed by the parties in the relevant documentation.

Investments in collective investment schemes (“Fund(s)”) are not obligations of, deposits in, or guaranteed by the distributors or any of their affiliates. Investors should read the Prospectus, obtainable from Maybank, before deciding whether to subscribe for units in the Fund(s). All applications for units in the Fund(s) must be made on the application forms accompanying the Prospectus.

Investors should note that income from and/or values of such Products, if any, may fluctuate and that each Product's price or value may rise or fall depending on market conditions. Accordingly, investors may receive back less than what they have originally invested or they may also not receive back anything at all from what they have originally invested (i.e. loss of the entire sum invested). All investments involve an element of risk, including capital and principal loss. Past performance is not necessarily a guide to or an indication of future performance. Any scenarios, assumptions, historical or simulated performances, indicative prices or examples of potential transactions or returns are for illustrative purposes only. Maybank does not guarantee the underlying investment, the principal or return on investments.

This report is prepared for Maybank’s clients and is not intended for public circulation and/or distribution. It is not intended to provide personal investment advice and does not take into account the specific investment objectives, financial situation and particular needs of any particular recipient or reader and thus should be read with this in mind. Before acting on the information, an investor should therefore independently and separately evaluate and assess each Product and consider the suitability of the Product, the appropriateness of investing in the Product and the risks involved or the investment strategies discussed or illustrated in this report, taking into account the investor's specific investment objectives, financial situation, risk tolerance and particular needs, and seek independent financial, audit, tax, legal and/or other professional advice as necessary, before dealing, transacting and/or investing in any of the Products mentioned in this report or communicated to the investor as a follow-up to this report. Prior to any investment, it is the investor's own responsibility to obtain legal and/or tax opinions regarding the legal and tax consequences of the investment. All investments will be made solely upon and in reliance on the investor's own judgment and discretion, notwithstanding any opinion, commentary or recommendation this report, Maybank or its Relationship Managers/Client Advisors/Personal Financial Advisors/Appointed Representatives and/or its other employees may provide. Unless expressly agreed otherwise, Maybank offers no investment, financial, legal, tax or any other type of advice to recipients or readers of this report. Maybank has no fiduciary duty towards any such recipients and readers, and makes no representation and gives no warranty as to the results to be obtained from any investment, strategy or transaction, or as to whether any strategy, security or transaction described herein may be suitable for the financial needs, circumstances or requirements of the recipients and readers.

Maybank Group Wealth Management Research

Disclaimer

The information herein has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable but such sources have not been independently verified by Maybank and consequently no representation and/or warranty is made as to the accuracy or completeness of this report for any particular purpose by Maybank and it should not be relied upon as such. Maybank may have issued other documents, investment proposals, reports, analyses or emails expressing views different from the contents hereof and all views expressed in all documents, investment proposals, reports, analyses and emails are subject to change without notice. The information or opinions or recommendations contained herein are subject to change at any time without prior notice. Maybank and its officers, directors, associates, connected parties and/or employees, including persons involved in the preparation or issuance of this report, may from time to time have positions or be materially interested in the Products referred to herein and may further act as market maker or may have assumed an underwriting commitment or deal with such Products and may also perform or seek to perform investment banking, advisory or other services in relation thereto. One or more directors, officers and/or employees of Maybank may be a director of any of the corporations of the Products mentioned in this report to the extent permitted by law. Accordingly, Maybank may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report.

This report may contain information such as valuation, performance, yield or the like, derived from a variety of valuation metrics, all of which may change at any time without notice and investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such information. This report may also contain forward looking statements which are often but not always identified by the use of words such as “anticipate”, “believe”, “estimate”, “intend”, “plan”, “expect”, “forecast”, “predict” and “project” and statements that an event or result “may”, “will”, “can”, “should”, “could” or “might” occur or be achieved and other similar expressions. Such forward looking statements are based on assumptions made by and/or information currently available to Maybank and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward looking statements. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward looking statements. This report is current as at the date of its publication and Maybank expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any such forward looking statements to reflect new information, events or circumstances after the date of this publication or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. This report may also contain charts, diagrams or graphs, including sample portfolio overview, which may differ or vary from the actual charts, diagrams or graphs, including any portfolio overview, which an investor may receive separately.

In this report, references to “Maybank” mean Malayan Banking Berhad, Maybank Singapore Limited, PT Bank Maybank Indonesia Tbk and/or its/their subsidiaries, affiliates and related corporations! worldwide. The information herein and the contents of this report remain the intellectual property of Maybank. The contents of this report are confidential and its circulation and use are restricted. This report is prepared for the use of Maybank’s clients and/or prospective clients and may not be reproduced, altered in any way, copied, published, circulated, distributed or transmitted to any other party in whole or in part in any form or manner or by any means (including electronically, photocopying, recording or via any information storage and retrieval system) without the prior express written consent of Maybank. Maybank and its officers, directors, associates, agents, connected parties and/or employees accept no liability whatsoever for the actions of third parties in this respect and shall not be liable or responsible for any losses, costs or damages including costs on a solicitor-client basis suffered or incurred by the investor that may arise from the use of, reliance on or any action taken in connection with this report.

‘As a prospect or client of Maybank Singapore Limited, no other Maybank affiliate or related corporation will be involved in your relationship with Maybank Singapore Limited.

Maybank Group Wealth Management Research

Disclaimer

This report is not directed to or intended for distribution to or use by any person or entity who/which is a citizen or resident of or is located in the United States, Canada as well as any locality, state, country or other jurisdiction where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to law or regulation or where Maybank may become subject to new or additional legal or regulatory requirements. The Products described herein may not be eligible for sale in alll jurisdictions or to certain categories of investors. Without prejudice to the foregoing, the reader is to note that additional disclaimers or warnings may apply based on the geographical location of the recipient of this report.

In the same regard, services rendered by Maybank in connection with the Products referred to herein will not be performed in any jurisdiction where Maybank is not licensed or authorised to provide such services or may become subject to new or additional legal or regulatory requirements.

Note to recipients and investors in Singapore —

Maybank Singapore Limited is regulated only by the Monetary Authority of Singapore and no other regulatory or supervisory body.

For collective investment schemes which are included in the CPF investment scheme: An investor using CPF funds for investment should make reference to the CPF website or seek clarification from an appointed representative for the legislated annual interest rates on the Ordinary and Special Accounts in order to make an informed decision.

For collective investment schemes with dividend payouts: Actual dividend payment amounts of the Funds may be higher or lower than the potential dividend depending on market conditions. The actual dividend payment may be zero. Investors should note that dividend payments are not guaranteed and there is no guarantee that the potential dividend level can be achieved in any quarter or any dividend payments will be made.

Prohibition of sales to European Economic Area (“EEA”) Investors: Effective Ist January 2018, Maybank Singapore Limited prohibits any offer and/or sale of any Packaged Retail and Insurance Based Investment Products (“PRIIPS”) to investors in the EEA in accordance with the guidelines made to Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014. The EEA region includes the following countries: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain and Sweden.

Prohibition of sales to the United Kingdom and Switzerland Investors: Subject to the same or similar PRIIPS regulations.

Note to recipients and investors in Hong Kong —

This document is distributed in Hong Kong by Malayan Banking Berhad, a company incorporated in Malaysia with limited liability and acting through its Hong Kong Branch. It is registered as a Licensed Bank under the Banking Ordinance and regulated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority. It is also registered with the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission to carry on the regulated activities of dealing in securities (Type 1) and advising on securities (Type 4) in Hong Kong.

Maybank Group Wealth Management Research

Disclaimer

Note to recipients and investors in Malaysia -

In Malaysia, the purchase, sale or subscription of investment products is subject to governmental consent, regulatory approval or other formalities. This report is distributed in Malaysia solely for the benefit of and for the exclusive use of Maybank’s clients and is not intended for public circulation and/or distribution.

By receiving this report and continuing to retain the same, the recipient is deemed to represent and warrant to Maybank that the disclaimers set out above are acknowledged and understood, and this report will not be relied upon and/or used in any manner not expressly authorised.

Note to recipients and investors in Indonesia —

This document is distributed in Indonesia by PT Bank Maybank Indonesia Tbk, which is licensed and supervised by Indonesia Financial Services Authority (OJK). Investment products that are offered by PT Bank Maybank Indonesia Tbk are third party products. PT Bank Maybank Indonesia Tbk is a selling agent for third party products such as mutual funds and bonds. Investments in mutual funds and bonds are not covered by the deposit insurance program of the Indonesian Deposit Insurance Corporation (LPS).

Maybank Singapore Limited (UEN: 201804195C)

Malayan Banking Berhad, Hong Kong Branch (Incorporated in Malaysia with limited liability) (Company Number: F000679)

Malayan Banking Berhad (196001000142 (3813-K))

PT Bank Maybank Indonesia Tbk (8120016120953)