This document is prepared by The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited ('HBAP’), 1 Queen's Road Central, Hong Kong. HBAP is incorporated in Hong Kong and is part of the HSBC Group. This document is distributed by HSBC Continental Europe, HBAP, HSBC Bank (Singapore) Limited, HSBC Bank (Taiwan) Limited, HSBC Bank Malaysia Berhad (198401015221 (127776-V)\HSBC Amanah Malaysia Berhad (200801006421 (807705-X)), The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, India (HSBC India), HSBC Bank Middle East Limited, HSBC UK Bank pic, HSBC Bank ple, Jersey Branch, and HSBC Bank plc, Guernsey Branch, HSBC Private Bank (Suisse) SA, HSBC Private Bank (Suisse) SA DIFC Branch, HSBC Private Bank Suisse SA, South Africa Representative Office, HSBC Financial Services (Lebanon) SAL, HSBC Private banking (Luxembourg) SA and The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited (collectively, the “Distributors") to their respective clients. This document is for general circulation and information purposes only. This document is not prepared with any particular customers or purposes in mind and does not take into account any investment objectives, financial situation or personal circumstances or needs of any particular customer. HBAP has prepared this document based on publicly available information at the time of preparation from sources it believes to be reliable but it has not independently verified such information. The contents of this document are subject to change without notice. HBAP and the Distributors are not responsible for any loss, damage or other consequences of any Kind that you may incur or suffer as a result of, arising from or relating to your use of or reliance on this document. HBAP and the Distributors give no guarantee, representation or warranty as to the accuracy, timeliness or completeness of this document. This document is not investment advice or recommendation nor is it intended to sell investments or services or solicit purchases or subscriptions for them. You should not use or rely on this document in making any investment decision, HBAP and the Distributors are not responsible for such use or reliance by you. You should consult your professional advisor in your jurisdiction if you have any questions regarding the contents of this document. You should not reproduce or further distribute the contents of this document to any person or entity, whether in whole or in part, for any purpose. This document may not be distributed to any jurisdiction where its distribution is unlawful.