H Global economy | Recently, US Treasuries have steepened further. It is because of the Fed persisted in “patiently” refusing to lowering interest rates early, with market’s confidence in economic expectations improved and financial conditions eased. As a result, the trend of short-term US Treasuries indicates the expectations for the delay of first interest rate cut in 2025 until September. The rise in long-term Treasury yields implies higher neutral rates and term premiums. Over the recent period, the Eurozone economy has shown a moderate recovery, unlike the negative growth of the US economy in Q1, and the Eurozone economy grew by 0.4% quarter-over-quarter in the same period, which was better than the market’s expectations, indicating a moderate economic recovery. Nevertheless, the overall inflation in the Eurozone rose by 2.2% year-over-year, and the core inflation also rose to 2.7%, hitting a record high over the past eight months. Moving forward, the ECB needs to strike a balance between supporting economic growth and curbing inflation, and attempts to maintain policy flexibility and to make prudent response to potential risks. The BoE lowered its benchmark rate by 25 bps to 4.25% in May as expected, consisting with the market’s expectations. Market uncertainty has triggered significant volatility in global financial markets as well as declines in economic momentum, imposing a negative impact on the UK economy while severely interfering with the central bank’s interest rate decisions. Moving forward, the BoE is expected to maintain a gradual pace of rate cuts in response to economic uncertainties. On May 12th , China and US issued a joint statement, considering the 90-day pause, it is expected that the exports are likely to remain resilient in Q2 and Q3. In general, although China’s exports show resilience to a certain extent, domestic demands still need to be bolstered, and it is expected that policy easing will still be the major policy orientation for stimulating domestic demands. Moving forward, closer attention shall be paid to the timing and intensity of subsequent fiscal policies.