Stock market | The market sentiment improved and the US stock market is recovering the losses of the year. The risk of recession in the US is mitigated. The decline in volatility drove capital back into the stock market. Optimal economic data in Q1 and strong corporate earnings also bolstered the US stock market. Driven by the resilience in the employment market, the alleviation of the inflation, the double-digit earnings growth of S&P 500 companies for two consecutive quarters, the high valuation of the US stock market has been sustained. Due to the uncertainties arisen from policies, deterioration of the macro- economy and the increase of financing costs driven by rising long-term bond yields, it is expected that US stocks will remain volatile. In addition, European stocks experienced a reversal in April. The difference is that the European economy is less affected by changes in the trade environment, and the ECB perceives the economic trend as a slowdown rather than a recession. The ECB is widely expected to lower interest rates once again in June, and the consistent growth of market liquidity is likely to bolster the performance of European stocks. Moving forward, closer attention shall be paid to the movements of the EUR and the progress of trade talks. After China and US issued a joint statement, it has sent positive signals to the China A-share market. Monetary and fiscal policies have supported the short-term rally of China A-shares. Furthermore, policy support for large-scale consumption and technological innovation is expected to bolster the performance of related sectors. The decline in uncertainties has significantly boosted the market’s confidence and it is likely to attract funds to increase their holdings of Chinese assets, which is favorable for Hong Kong, China stocks. In addition, according to the press conference of the State Council Information Office, concerted efforts have been made from the aspects of monetary measures, financial supervision and capital market to launch a package of financial policies for bolstering the market’s sentiment. In May, Asian stocks continued to rebound with numerous stock markets experiencing a rally. At the same time, capital outflows from the US provided liquidity for Asian stocks to rise. Many Asian countries have maintained accommodative fiscal and monetary policies amid trade uncertainties. Moving forward, message from the policy aspect may continue to disrupt the stock market. Overseas investors have been engaged in substantial net purchases of Japanese stocks, leading to a rebound of the market. Benefiting from the economic recovery and stock market reform, Japanese stocks have become increasingly attractive for investors, started to compete with China A-shares and Indian stocks for investment funds in Asia. In addition, the Japanese government and large investment companies are stepping up their efforts to attract global funds, which is expected to bolster the performance of Japanese stocks in the long run.