China’s bond market: After China and the US issued joint statement and the stable and loose market liquidity, there is a relatively high chance for the bond market to experience volatility within a narrow range in June, and there could be divergent performance between long-term and short-term bonds, whereas the curve tends to steepen. From a policy perspective, in May, the PBOC launched 10 supportive monetary policies in three categories. The central bank once again cut the reserve requirement ratio and interest rates. In particular, a 0.5 percentage point reduction in the reserve requirement ratio has released about RMB 1 trillion worth of long-term funds. Judging from the description of the central bank’s monetary policy implementation report for the first quarter, compared with the previous stance of monetary policy to maintain the stability of the exchange rate and to prevent the issue of idle capital, monetary policies in the next stage will tend to facilitate economic growth, and the capital environment is expected to be more friendly for investors in the market. From a fundamental point of view, the CPI in April reached decreasing 0.1% year- over-year, and the PPI was decreasing 2.7% year-over-year. Moreover, exports grew by 8.1% year-over-year, whereas imports decreased by 0.2% year-over-year. The aggregate financing to the real economy (AFRE) went up by RMB 1.22 trillion year-over- year, and the M2 growth rate reached 8.0%. In particular, the export data slightly exceeded the market’s expectations, and the AFRE maintained rapid growth, but the year-over-year increase in corporate and retail loans was small. The growth of domestic demand still had a large room for improvement, and the subsequent growth of economic fundamentals is still in need of the support of a relatively low interest rate environment. From the perspective of the market environment, ,the market’s risk appetites have been restored. Nevertheless, considering the continuity of the progress of trade talks, the upside of long-term bonds may be relatively limited, and is not expected to exceed the high level achieved in Q1, 2025. In a nutshell, we believe that interest rates are still in a downward channel during the year, but the timing of further downward movements needs to be supported by incremental monetary policies. Moving forward, closer attention shall be paid to the Fed’s interest rate decisions and its policy statements in June.