Key developmen Zurich's view Global e Economic activity is resilient despite The key global development in May was the US-China agreement to elevated uncertainty and tariff reduce tariffs. This marks a meaningful de-escalation and reduces the disruptions risk of a sharper downturn in global growth. While tariffs have taken a toll on confidence, labour markets remain robust, global consumer e Inflation dynamics remain sentiment ticked up from a low level in May, and manufacturing activity constructive, allowing central banks has held up despite strong front-loading of industrial production and to continue to cut rates trade in Q1. Inflation has ticked lower in most regions, helped by lower oil prices, and this, in combination with dollar weakness, has allowed the global rate cutting cycle to gain some traction again. While this is encouraging, US tariff policy will be decisive for the global outlook, with uncertainty remaining elevated. e Government bond markets are notably volatile as investor focus shifts from tariff-driven recession risk to fiscal concerns US e The US and China de-escalate the In an effort to de-escalate the tension between the world’s two largest situation by significantly reducing economies, the US and China agreed to significantly reduce mutual mutual tariffs tariffs, which further supported improving investor sentiment. The S&P 500 has regained all of its losses since the tariff-induced setback and e Economic data are holding up, but has risen back into positive territory for the year. Nevertheless, risks uncertainty remains high and uncertainty remain elevated and investors’ focus has shifted to the sustainability of the US fiscal situation as the tax bill works its way through Congress. 30yr Treasury yields rose back above 5% last month, emphasising the increasing risk premium investors are asking to hold US government bonds. Most economic data points continue to show a robust environment with consumer sentiment improving and business activity expanding at a decent pace. e The S&P 500 moves back into positive territory for the year as investor sentiment improves e The FTSE 100 rises back within The FTSE 100 has recovered all of its losses suffered in the aftermath UK reach of its all-time high of the tariff-induced turmoil and has almost risen back to its record high reached back in March. Global stock market momentum has e Inflation rebounds, fuelled by annual slowed down in recent weeks as risks and uncertainty remain elevated, price resets and government- but UK stocks have once again proven their defensive property in related pricing times of volatility. The announced trade deal with the US reduces some uncertainty although it comes at the cost of significantly higher tariffs for UK exports to the US. Gilt yields remained within the same trading range of the past few months despite a significant pick-up in e The US and UK agree on a trade deal with the 10% tariff remaining in place inflation. This was largely expected, though, and mostly the result of price increases in areas regulated or influenced by government policy, such as water and energy. Eurozone e Economic indicators signal We reiterate a J-shaped economic growth forecast in anticipation of weakening activity as immediate slowing activity in coming quarters before a back-loaded strong tariff uncertainty outweighs longer- recovery. Incoming data, such as the PMI surveys, suggest a term positives weakening to come. EU-US trade negotiations continue with escalation so far confined to the US side. We see the threatened 20% e We see further scope for lower ‘reciprocal rate as a realistic landing zone, which would harm growth. bond yields on a tactical horizon as German Chancellor Merz’s term started ominously, with a failed first inflation and growth pressures fall bid for parliamentary support, yet enormous fiscal intentions are intact . . and are long-term positive economic and market drivers. We see the ° Domestically-oriented stocks have ECB cutting rates below 2% in H2 and see scope for lower sovereign driven large gains, but broad yields. The equity rally can continue, but the onus is on rising earnings earnings growth is missing rather than continued multiple expansion. Switzerland e Economic activity weakens in Q2 as Economic activity was strong in Qi, with GDP up 0.8% QoQ (sports