Long-term Current view Stock or bond Slightly OW equities over bonds Equity and bond market risks High bond market risks Global inflation-growth regime Prefer risky assets and some inflation-hedge Fundamental: -2. Elevated market risk aversion, contraction in manufacturing new orders and further decline in earnings revision Valuation: +2. Valuation ratios Equity risk: Moderate. Momentum factors are weak, but disinflationary trend, rising money supply and positive momentum in US private housing starts support lower Global inflation slowed to 1.9% from 2.1% previously. The consensus expects an inflation rate of 2.2% over the next 12 months. Meanwhile, leading indicators point towards What — of DM and Asia equities are downside risks a disinflationary trend factors Is now less expensive Government bond risk: High. + Global industrial production based on? * Market breadth: +1. Net- As a defensive asset, the US y/y growth rose to 3%. The advances in stocks are no government bond market consensus expects this to slow longer too bearish, but market benefits from weaker equity to 1.9% over the next 12 breadth remains healthy as the market momentum. However, months. Leading indicators also percentage of equity markets economic data is not at a level point towards slower growth above their 200-day moving that warrants concerns about average is above 60% an imminent recession + Economic activity, macro risk Market factors include interest * Tracks current and consensus and surprise indices, corporate rates, commodity prices and estimates of inflation, industrial earnings, forward price-to- equity market momentum. production, and leading Key model . . . . ae Farias earnings ratio and technical Macro factors include US economic indicators for the US, factors housing, inflation, money in Europe, the UK, China, India circulation, capacity utilisation and Korea and employment + Amonthly scorecard of -5 to 5 Using risk barometers to gauge * Amacro model of the global based on fundamental, the likelihood of large sell-offs economic cycle (recession, . valuation and market breadth in US equities and government recovery, late cycle and How does it an : ee Ee factors to indicate relative bonds. Each barometer ranges stagflation) and implications for preference for bonds and from 0 to 100, where a value long-term asset class returns equities. A positive score below 50 indicates high favours equities and vice versa downside risk and vice versa Current views More markets shifted to uptrend amid rebound Positioning in gold normalised