10 June 2025

Macro Monthly

Economics Global

Ongoing trade and debt uncertainties

¢ Progress on trade deals calmed the tumbling survey data in May, but the hard data may be starting to soften...

¢ ...at a time when fiscal concerns have revived and the future course of US import tariffs hinges on the courts of appeal...

¢ ...adding to challenges for businesses and monetary policy

US trade and fiscal policy has dominated the global narrative over the past month. Progress on framework trade deals with the UK and, more importantly, China, following on from the 90-day pause on the highest reciprocal tariffs announced on 9 April, calmed some of the fears about worst case scenarios on US tariffs. This, in turn, helped revive equity markets, while the May business and consumer confidence survey data stabilised or improved after the dismal April readings.

1. Equity markets revived on the more positive trade news

2. US consumer confidence edged up in May after the April collapse

115400

Source: Macrobond

Source: Macrobond

Tariff challenges

Trade uncertainty still reigns though, following the US Court of International Trade (CIT) ruling that the US President had overstepped his authority by imposing reciprocal tariffs globally using the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA). While the US administration immediately lodged an appeal and won a temporary ‘stay’ on the CIT’s order to remove the IEEPA tariffs, US importers and consumers, as well as foreign exporters, cannot know whether some tariffs will be sustained or cancelled after the appeal, or even increased post 9 July.

Tariff uncertainties remain an overhang for businesses

US hard data may be starting to come off the boil

Eurozone inflation may continue to fall

Economics ® Global 10 June 2025

Debt concerns

If there is a loss of tariff revenues, which rose in April, it will have no direct implications for the so-called Big Beautiful Bill (BBB) Act as there was no explicit connection to tariff revenues in the Republican budget reconciliation package now in the Senate. However, the latter was already a major factor in Moody’s May downgrade of the US sovereign credit rating which coincided with heightened market concerns over the hefty budget deficit and much higher debt projections implied by the BBB. The US 10-year yield hit 4.6% and the 30-year hit 5%, keeping US mortgage rates high.

Divergent data

Yields have now edged lower again amid a few signs that the hard US data, which have generally still been more resilient than surveys, may finally be softening a touch. Non-farm payrolls increased at a slightly slower pace in May, while unemployment remained unchanged at 4.2%. Although layoffs in the US remain low, the rate of hiring has slowed. In Europe and in parts of Asia Q1 GDP was stronger than expected, helped by frontloading ahead of tariffs, but Q2 industrial data are mostly showing signs of softening.

3. US non-farm payrolls rose by 139k in May, slightly lower than in April

4. New job postings remain weak in developed markets

Source: Macrobond

Source: Macrobond

Falling inflation

US inflation releases for April were lower, but the Federal Reserve will remain wary of inflation expectations as tariff effects feed through: early signs of rising input cost were evident in the US manufacturing and services PMI/ISM data and May wage data were higher. Eurozone inflation fell below 2% in May as Easter effects unwound and lower energy prices and a stronger euro should mean it falls further, even if global food prices (dairy and meat) continue to edge higher. The European Central Bank (ECB) is in a good place after cutting interest rates to 2%, which could prove to be the last cut of the cycle, but we still see disinflationary effects against a backdrop of already low inflation driving policy rates lower across Asia, except Japan.

Economics ® Global 10 June 2025

Key recent releases

Source: Bloomberg, HSBC

> Positive surprise - actual is higher than consensus, W Negative surprise — actual is lower than consensus, -> Actual sin line with consensus

Key upcoming events

Source: LSEG Eikon, HSBC

Economics ® Global 10 June 2025

Disclosure appendix

Important disclosures

1 This report is dated as at 10 June 2025.

2 All market data included in this report are dated as at close 06 June 2025, unless a different date and/or a specific time of day is indicated in the report.

HSBC has procedures in place to identify and manage any potential conflicts of interest that arise in connection with its Research business. HSBC's analysts and its other staff who are involved in the preparation and dissemination of Research operate and have a management reporting line independent of HSBC's Investment Banking business. Information Barrier procedures are in place between the Investment Banking, Principal Trading, and Research businesses to ensure that any confidential and/or price sensitive information is handled in an appropriate manner.

You are not permitted to use, for reference, any data in this document for the purpose of (i) determining the interest payable, or other sums due, under loan agreements or under other financial contracts or instruments, (ii) determining the price at which a financial instrument may be bought or sold or traded or redeemed, or the value of a financial instrument, and/or (iii) measuring the performance of a financial instrument or of an investment fund.

Economics ® Global 10 June 2025

Disclaimer

This document is prepared by The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited ('HBAP’), 1 Queen's Road Central, Hong Kong. HBAP is incorporated in Hong Kong and is part of the HSBC Group. This document is distributed by HSBC Continental Europe, HBAP, HSBC Bank (Singapore) Limited, HSBC Bank (Taiwan) Limited, HSBC Bank Malaysia Berhad (198401015221 (127776-V)\HSBC Amanah Malaysia Berhad (200801006421 (807705-X)), The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, India (HSBC India), HSBC Bank Middle East Limited, HSBC UK Bank pic, HSBC Bank ple, Jersey Branch, and HSBC Bank plc, Guernsey Branch, HSBC Private Bank (Suisse) SA, HSBC Private Bank (Suisse) SA DIFC Branch, HSBC Private Bank Suisse SA, South Africa Representative Office, HSBC Financial Services (Lebanon) SAL, HSBC Private banking (Luxembourg) SA and The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited (collectively, the “Distributors") to their respective clients. This document is for general circulation and information purposes only. This document is not prepared with any particular customers or purposes in mind and does not take into account any investment objectives, financial situation or personal circumstances or needs of any particular customer. HBAP has prepared this document based on publicly available information at the time of preparation from sources it believes to be reliable but it has not independently verified such information. The contents of this document are subject to change without notice. HBAP and the Distributors are not responsible for any loss, damage or other consequences of any Kind that you may incur or suffer as a result of, arising from or relating to your use of or reliance on this document. HBAP and the Distributors give no guarantee, representation or warranty as to the accuracy, timeliness or completeness of this document. This document is not investment advice or recommendation nor is it intended to sell investments or services or solicit purchases or subscriptions for them. You should not use or rely on this document in making any investment decision, HBAP and the Distributors are not responsible for such use or reliance by you. You should consult your professional advisor in your jurisdiction if you have any questions regarding the contents of this document. You should not reproduce or further distribute the contents of this document to any person or entity, whether in whole or in part, for any purpose. This document may not be distributed to any jurisdiction where its distribution is unlawful.

The following statement is only applicable to HSBC Bank (Taiwan) Limited with regard to how the publication is distributed to its customers: HSBC Bank (Taiwan) Limited (‘the Bank’) shall fulfil the fiduciary duty act as a reasonable person once in exercising offering/conducting ordinary care in offering trust services/business. However, the Bank disclaims any guaranty on the management or operation performance of the trust business.

The following statement is only applicable to by HSBC Bank Australia with regard to how the publication is distributed to its customers: This document is distributed by HSBC Bank Australia Limited ABN 48 006 434 162, AFSL/ACL 232595 (HBAU). HBAP has a Sydney Branch ARBN 117 925 970 AFSL 301737. The statements contained in this document are general in nature and do not constitute investment research or a recommendation, or a statement of opinion (financial product advice) to buy or sell investments. This document has not taken into account your personal objectives, financial situation and needs. Because of that, before acting on the document you should consider its appropriateness to you, with regard to your objectives, financial situation, and needs.

Important Information about the Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, India ("HSBC India”)

HSBC India is a branch of The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited. Incorporated in Hong Kong SAR with limited liability. HSBC India is an AMFl-registered Mutual Fund Distributor of select mutual funds and a referrer of other 3rd party investment products. HSBC India does not distribute or refer investment products to those persons who are either the citizens or residents of United States of America (USA), Canada or any other jurisdiction where such distribution or referral would be contrary to law or regulation.

HSBC India will receive commission from HSBC Asset Management (India) Private Limited, in its capacity as a AMFI registered mutual fund distributor of HSBC Mutual Fund. The Sponsor of HSBC Mutual Fund is HSBC Securities and Capital Markets (India) Private Limited (HSCI), a member of the HSBC Group. Please note that HSBC India and the Sponsor being part of the HSBC Group, may give rise to real, perceived, or potential conflicts of interest, HSBC India has a policy in place to identify, prevent and manage such conflict of interest

For more information related to investments in the securities market, please visit the SEBI Investor Website: https://investor.sebi.gov.in/ and the SEBI Saazthi Mobile App. Mutual Fund investments are subject to market risks, read all scheme related documents carefully. Issued by The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, India. Incorporated in Hong Kong SAR with limited liability, HSBC Bank ARN - 0022 with validity from 19-Feb-2024 to 18-Feb-2027, Date of initial registration: 19-Feb-2002 Mainland China

In mainland China, this documents distributed by HSBC Bank (China) Company Limited ("HBCN’) and HSBC FinTech Services (Shanghai) Company Limited to its customers for general reference only. This document is not, and is not intended to be, for the purpose of providing securities and futures investment advisory services or financial information services, or promoting or selling any wealth management product. This document provides all content and information solely on an "as-is/as-available” basis. You SHOULD consult your own professional adviser if you have any questions regarding this document.

The material contained in this document is for general information purposes only and does not constitute investment research or advice or a recommendation to buy or sell investments. Some of the statements contained in this document may be considered forward looking statements which provide current expectations or forecasts of future events. Such forward looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those described in such forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. HSBC India does not undertake any obligation to update the forward-looking statements contained herein, or to update the reasons why actual results could differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Investments are subject to market risk, read all investment related documents carefully.

© Copyright 2025. The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

No part of this document may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, on any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the prior written permission of The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited.

Important information on sustainable investing

“Sustainable investments" include investment approaches or instruments which consider environmental, social, governance and/or other sustainability factors (collectively, “sustainability") varying degrees. Certain instruments we include within this category may be in the process of changing to deliver sustainability outcomes.

There is no guarantee that sustainable investments will produce returns similar to those which don't consider these factors. Sustainable investments may diverge from traditional market benchmarks. In addition, there is no standard definition of, or measurement criteria for sustainable investments, or the impact of sustainable investments (“sustainability impact"). Sustainable investment and sustainability impact measurement criteria are (a) highly subjective and (b) may vary significantly across and within sectors.

HSBC may rely on measurement criteria devised and/or reported by third party providers or issuers, HSBC does not always conduct its own specific due diligence in relation to measurement criteria. There is no guarantee: (a) that the nature of the sustainability impact or measurement criteria of an investment will be aligned with any particular investor's sustainability goals; or (b) that the stated level or target level of sustainability impact will be achieved.

Sustainable investing is an evolving area and new regulations may come into effect which may affect how an investment is categorised or labelled. An investment which is considered to fulfil sustainable criteria today may not meet those criteria at some point in the future,

[1260084]

to